[DOCS] document missing enabledActionTypes value for Microsoft Teams action (#113211)
elastic/kibana: docs/settings/alert-action-settings.asciidoc

the files cannot be made available.

`xpack.actions.enabledActionTypes` {ess-icon}::

> A list of action types that are enabled. It defaults to `[*]`, enabling all types. The names for built-in {kib} action types are prefixed with a `.` and include: `.server-log`, `.slack`, `.email`, `.index`, `.pagerduty`, `.webhook`,'.jira','.swimlane','.servicenow','.servicenow-sir','.resilient' and `.teams`.. An empty list `[]` will disable all action types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A list of action types that are enabled. It defaults to `[*]`, enabling all types. The names for built-in {kib} action types are prefixed with a `.` and include: `.email`, `.index`, `.jira`, `.pagerduty`, `.resilient`, `.server-log`, `.servicenow`, .`servicenow-itom`, `.servicenow-sir`, `.slack`, `.swimlane`, `.teams`, and `.webhook`. An empty list `[]` will disable all action types.
```

Reviewer: Added `servicenow-itom` and changed the list to alphabetical order.
